on television more also more than
never and talking about accidents
aeronautics the day yesterday another happened
but more serious at the airport
Laguardia and New York also in the
us this accident was the result of the
heavy snowfall so the flight
1086 delta airlines from
Atlanta led an airline crisis
where they were injured only
six passengers this is the story the
temporary that hits the northeast of the us
was close to causing a tragedy in
Laguardia airport in New York
Flight 10 and 86 of Delta Airlines
He left the track and was about to
fall into the icy waters that run in
the boundaries of the air terminal the
fire department of new york
he was the one who launched the warning voice
campoamor is strong has varied fly away
immediately two were mobilized
rescue teams to help in the
eviction of the 125 passengers and 5
crew traveling from atlanta
a total of 6 passengers resulted with
minor injuries and only two of them were
taken to a hospital once
the passengers were already in the terminal
they narrated what were those eternal
minute the plane just
slipped through the snow
it's more
in the stars king ing
networking
the spokesperson of the port authority of
new york and new pentangelo jersey
said that the aircraft left the
track around 11 10 of the
tomorrow local time and that was already put in
March an investigation to determine
the causes of the incident with information
from humberto tapia
subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you 're always informed of the
latest news from mexico and the world
start right now by clicking on
these videos